Instantiate fonksiyonu içerisine iki parametre girildi. Bunlardan birincisi oluşturacağımız nesne, ikincisi onun ebeveyn nesnesi idi. Oluşturulma konumu için ebeveyn nesne dikkate alındı.

Light 2D içerisinde volumetric seçeneğini kullandım.

Awake should be used to set up references between classes, not passing information back and forth.
Start can be used for a variety of different purposes with the exception of initializing dependent variables.

SOLVED: Instead of static reference I'll be using non static reference of ItemAssets class.

Check your objects if you've changed your scripts. Do they have the missing  mono(?) script files or not?

In a Serializeable normal class if I make a SerializeField object, I still can reach it in editor by a class that has public/[SerializeField] normal class in it.

If a method is static, you can't call non-static variables in it.(?)

Search option is case sensitive.

Whenever I want to add combinable object into scene, I need to check combinable checkbox of its Serializable Item class.

//Bone based 2D characters are a powerful alternative to sprite sequences.
A single sprite or a small set of sprites can be assembled to make a character.

File > Save As > Save as: something.psb > Save so that it can be imported into Unity.

All the 2D renderers in Unity respond to 2D lights. That includes, sprite renderers, tilemap renderers as well as sprite shape renderers.

OnItemListChanged?.Invoke(this, EventArgs.Empty); means nullcheck.

A good rule is to name the property the same thing as the field except starting with the capital letter.
With properties you can make the field write only or read only.
Excessors can also be treated just like functions.
You could run other lines of code or put calls to other funtions inside them.
The field encapsulation need not be direct.  
prop snippet 


You can use rmb/(lmb to 3 dots) and then select option paste component as new. This pastes any component you've copied regardless of its type.


I could create another child gameobject and add collider inside of it. This way I could edit it easier. But I thought it could cost me losing performance in long run.

When you say transform.Find, it's only searching for children of your transform.
GameObject.Find is searching the entire scene.

You need to find children in order. You can't pass any any find next one using transform.Find()

There was an issue because itemSlotTemplate's children had offset values.

When I checked enter play mode settings I had an issue while playing game.
-> Domain reload is required. But why?

Applying root motion solved my issue in animation.

When I've changed the scripts' location they've became missing. I needed to reattach them and delete old ones.

CM's script execution order was essential. I solved my last nullreferenceexception using his approach.


